All right.
So.
You guys, do you guys still have this,
this website,
this SharePoint site with the web? OK,
so I haven't deleted any of the old
copies because honestly I I reference
those. I I've been referencing them a lot.
Yeah, so.
You're gonna find a new version,
version 5.53P.
I don't know what the P stands for,
but because that's the way that Michael
had kind of named them before,
I just tried to keep that consistent.
So whenever you get to this,
don't just open it in SharePoint,
you actually need to download it and the
reason why.
Is because it has macros inside of it and
our security policy doesn't let us run
macros from within a browser or so it
won't work correctly if you don't have it
downloaded locally.
So whenever you get it,
you're gonna hit these three little.
Dots on the right and then you should
have a download button. We did.
Let's do this. Yeah, I I opened it,
but I think we don't want to do that.
So download, do the download. OK,
And once it's downloaded,
we got to put it into a safe folder
because it won't run from your downloads
either.
Because your downloads,
we don't want you guys to the the
thinking on this is,
is that a while ago they were using Excel
macro enabled workbooks to load malware
and ransomware, right?
And so we can't just let them run from
downloads,
we have to put it into a safe folder, so.
What I usually tell people to do is.
So it's in your downloads now.
I usually move it to your C drive.
Let me copy it.
See. And usually we put a folder on here.
Cool. Yeah, it's gonna do a new folder.
Are you following this? Mm-hmm.
I'll help you in a second here. Yeah.
Can I do it in like my OneDrive documents?
No, no,
because that's a protected location.
We don't allow the macro enabled
workbooks to run from there,
but everything from our C drive got moved
to the.
The OneDrive, not the C drive. OK, no,
but everything within your OneDrive gets
moved into OneDrive.
That's the one we're playing on,
'cause Will was like, I'm confused.
We were talking about it at the luncheon
the other day, like,
so there is really AC drive,
but there's also the OneDrive OneDrive.
There's two locations in OneDrive, right?
Yeah, so.
So you'll find Windows C under this PC.
And then from there users, yeah,
now let me see if our policy is still
applying to give you that trusted up
front. It's not.
We'll have to add a trusted location in
Excel. So it's there.
We always put it in our policy.
We'll see that if it's entrusted,
you can run it, right? OK.
And so now that it's there,
is there a reason we were able to run
Michael's out of SharePoint? Um, yeah, um,
so on his.
Some of it didn't. Well,
most of it didn't even connect to people,
so it connected to a view to a database
on the PNP server. Mm-hmm. And so.
I can't tell you why the macros would
have worked. Mm-hmm.
But certain aspects of that workbook
would have never been able to pull data
for you to validate.
Accuracy.
It would've only validated the data that
you sent. Yeah, because he got it somehow,
because we had cost.
We're validating for life costs,
but I don't know what magician stuff he
did.
I I I think it's word to say because
there there is a lot of hokiness in it.
So regardless, so.
We've got Cheers working now,
so Cindy OK is now got a working group
and then people working sugars.
Sure I'm on the right path.
So I'm in my C drive users and ledger and
then I call trusted.
So actually I go to C drive completely OK.
Billy.
And then I put a folder here just called
trusted because that's what the what the
name of the folder is in our policy, yeah.
Is that right in here? Yep.
And then whenever you save,
whenever you save this,
you're gonna want to hit go back and hit
this drop down and change it to Yep,
change it to Excel Acro enabled template.
And then you're gonna have to go again to
the C drive.
That's the thing I hate about this.
Every time you change that drop down,
it changes the folder.
Yeah.
And then you will want to close this and
open it back up from the C drive.
Now once we have a live version of this,
we can put this onto a folder and then we
can make the folder trusted and that way
and then put a button in viewpoint so
that you guys just click it in viewpoint
and it would open right up. Oh,
I'd be great. I love that idea.
Alright, so you're in and you get.
Help connect this to server.
Really?
I shut it down and then yeah,
I did F4 right there,
but maybe if I just do.
Are you able to get any of them?
I got it open.
Let me try and load some data.
You're able to pull up a company. Mm-hmm.
Nope. Same. Do you get the 7.11? Yeah.
Oops. Let me see.
Mine does. Oh, I have the same one.
OK.
Must.
Yes, I didn't get that pop up. So yeah,
so I'm kind of curious why you guys
didn't get that pop up. Did you?
I'm sure I read that one before,
but it's funny.
The ball.
That's a great question.
So now I'm going to figure out why mine's
working.
It is yours and it's in the same spot.
Mm-hmm.
And I think it's gonna it may not.
It may not have them since maybe no.
So since the 'cause it's not gonna tell
you no for for that,
it'll tell you no for like.
The division,
the company with jobs potentially. Well,
right now it won't tell you now or
anything, so.
Yeah.
'Cause I've got SQL.
You have this to open. Mm-hmm. OK.
I don't. I don't.
I don't think he doesn't.
I don't think either.
I don't think it would be the just in
case, yeah.
Same drivers I am.
I think I need to like log out,
log back in.
Honestly,
that that error is usually related to
what they call a driver for connecting to
SQL,
which is some really old school
technology and you have the exact same
ones I have. Hmm.
As you can see the server.
I see Dana on my computer.
He's running something just to let you
know the Vombar support. OK,
in case you see something's funny. OK,
so now it just starts moving on. Yeah,
he said he's not doing anything.
He's like,
I run something in the background.
That's actually Christ.
I was thinking that wasn't.
Mm.
You are just like that.
You say everything here.
That's the only reason. I have no control.
Right, there was an approval.
10.
Yourself. I did.
I asked for expert advice, yeah.
No borrow.
It's fine.
So Chris was back today.
We should have you talk to her?
Is she feeling better? Not yet. Yeah,
I know. I have a chance to talk to her,
but.
And she thinks to show.
It's when you owe the insurance money,
they count you to review the audit.
But when they owed us money,
then when you do not just right until you
refuse the payment, Yep.
Mhm.
She's all being patient.
I did not expect that this to hit this
year, but like this happens, yeah.
Your projects are tough, like step, step,
trip, step, step, trip,
especially on this where it's got over,
I don't like see at this point,
like over 10 years worth of accumulated
code. Yes, so that becomes.
Insanely tough to manage whenever you
didn't write it. Yeah, yeah,
I can imagine we find all of the nuances
and things.
Hey, got it. Look at that, Frank.
So I'll e-mail you the link, OK?
If you choose.
Forget to let me keep that. It's already,
it's already gone.
So this e-mail is gonna come from Cindy
the extension link.
doing anything intentionally.
There's gonna be a link in your e-mail.
I forgot what your e-mail. I'm sorry.
What's the problem? Hey, I I just. Well,
mine is yours. I will save the signal. No,
thank you.
My.
And then you click on it,
it should download a file and then you're
gonna put in there working with Joshua.
And then hit OK.
You said get to me.
For me.
Next I I have. Hold on.
I need to read the whole sentence first.
Don't worry,
I've already read that for you.
And then hit admission.
What you'll need to do is close Excel and
then open it back up.
If you had any other previous files also
open in Excel,
you'll have to close all of them.
Thanks.
So you won't have to do that.
You've already got it on your computer.
OK, should I take it?
We'll leave that up to you.
for me.
No.
Oh.
Can I get you to drive? Sure.
I scraped it like the zoom out,
zoom in like it was other.
All right, first one.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah. Are you gonna send me an invite?
I'll just.
No, that's not a problem. I was.
I'm in a meeting with Joshua right now,
but I'm downstairs,
but I'll put it on here,
so I'll try not to forget.
But you'll remind me. You'll.
I know you will.
OK. Thanks. All right. Bye.
All right, all right then.
I got remote support, but that's him,
so let me minimize that.
I don't want to break it by just diving
in as there's no different company.
So I'd like you to sorry.
All right,
so idea here is you're gonna choose
company 15 and then let's pick one of the
pick a month,
any month that you'd like to validate.
Take a look at good old December, OK?
So now it's gonna pop up and ask you for
division. Just rocket. Uh,
whichever one you want.
We can do all of them.
It is getting this data from Viewpoint
production. OK, OK,
I I could not map how what?
My goal was doing with the data because
it was loaded into this with DB.
It was not going to ever be able to tie
back to Vista and so I'm I was able to
get.
The batches by month. OK, right.
And then start tying it out that way from
Vista data.
So I wanted to to just kinda see what the
data ties out to from month to month with
you. OK on on.
How does this look?
So basically we're gonna start with your
favorite month, December, right?
And then kinda just see if we can do that
for each department or each division.
And does this have the overrides in here
that we sent or is this just cost?
This is this is just cost right now the
the next.
Challenge to this is figuring out how
those overrides are gonna go into the
system.
But the first thing that I want to
validate is is we're really just wanting
to check job to date earned revenue and
then the prior year columns,
so on the gap tab.
And we we won't be able to without the
overrides cause the revenues based on the
overrides only we will be able to
validate its cost right now. OK,
there there was the overrides.
If they're coming from Vista,
I don't know what they would even be.
Are they coming from?
No,
they're not coming from PNP because I had
a long conversation with Claude on this
and it educated me that the overrides
from and projections from PNP would not
be an accurate accounting approved
statement and I I agree with that.
Statement from Quad.
I think that that we would basically need
to have your overrides eventually loaded
into the side table and that's kind of
what Michael was doing.
Oh that with DB table, yes,
with that with that completely separate
database.
Now I've got override tables built out UD
tables now.
In the Viewpoint database,
but the first things I've got to kind of
just make sure of is that we're at least
getting some of the accurate data on some
of the columns, right?
Then the remaining calculations will be
driven from your overrides, yes,
but we'll have to load those in.
Historical snapshot, right? Yes.
And then we'll have to kind of look at
that and go, alright,
we have to pick a point in time to start
forward with, right?
And then some of the challenge I saw in
that too was.
Not everything has overwritten data,
right?
There aren't there.
There's not necessarily overrides for
every single job, not every job.
I don't know how this could work without
using the PMP though. Yeah,
do you see what I'm seeing?
Because it starts from it starts from PMP
where the PMS.
Have their projections and then that
pulls into the columns.
Then they override. That's the next one.
That's their input. OK, I don't know how.
Well then we can we can have it added and
right back in.
That won't be a problem unless there's a
way that.
Their projections get fed into Vista.
Like it starts as the override.
I think it go so over their projections.
Oh, go ahead and hit OK on this.
You're gonna get that.
And the reason why is because of the JV
tabs.
The JV tab was not was not fully built
out and so it's got a lot of misplaced
logic handling of data.
Whenever it loads into the form,
it's pushing data down.
Run past the template portion of the form
that was kind of like pre drawn by
Michael. Mm-hmm. So um.
The contract was what, 365, 368, yeah.
Is that 51 just open? Yeah, just open.
John totals. Yeah, the the left open.
Yeah, 368. And then what the cost? Yeah,
because we won't be able to validate the
contract amount at all because that's the
override.
I'm hoping you've got two 59816658.
All right.
Yeah, 938608259938608.
So you got two more.
You got more than I need. Yeah,
just a little bit off and you're on just
open.
Look at this movie. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
And then this was for 1231,
we go to the bottom and look at open end
clip.
Maybe it's a maybe it's just a a
reclassification.
You know what I'm wondering is,
is I'm wondering.
If you would be off just a little bit
because whenever it's doing its
calculation,
it's doing it based off of 12/1 and not
12/31. Yeah,
that's why it's the batch month and this,
uh,
I know when you take the batch month into
the date form, it's it's 12/1.
I've heard that before. Yeah, I have 278.
You have 350. Well,
that doesn't tie though, right? Yeah, 250.
I click on here.
It's taking the 376 in the. Oh yeah,
I'm not sure what it's doing. Yeah.
Because if it's 259 and then where are
the closed jobs at? That's right.
All of them should be. Oh, look,
it's bringing like 2122. Uh, it's not.
It's bringing in every.
It's not bringing in the current year
closed jobs. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
So just the current year. Yeah.
It's OK. No, no, no, no, no, no.
These are these are the things that that
are gonna help me honestly.
So I wouldn't know that just looking at
it the way that it ran before,
because the way that it ran before it was
not crunching data from Vista.
It was only crunching data from his
intermediary database.
So what you provided to him in piece is
what he loaded. Mm-hmm.
But even that couldn't get loaded
accurately.
A lot of values were missing on jobs or
or jobs were.
Um,
would have a shift in data from column to
column. Yeah, that's right. Well,
now when the was pretty dark close,
it was like,
it was good and the cost is coming from
Vista. Um.
So I think because we had to,
we had to condition it a couple of times
to get cost right. I was gonna,
I was gonna elaborate on that. Yeah.
So I'm not sure what would be easier for
you if it's having Claude tackle what
Michael's logic was,
'cause I don't know where he built it out.
Mm-hmm. Um.
But if it has any cost in the current
year or Billings in the current year, OK,
we want it on the schedule, OK.
And and it should only be for that year.
Well, no,
because job state will need to bring in
like the job to date for that job, right,
which would be the prior years. Yeah,
but sometimes we have closed it in the
prior year and then for some reason
warranty cost something additional cost.
Come in, even though we closed it,
we have to bring it back in,
even though it'll look like it was closed
in the prior year to bring it back in,
'cause it actually has cost current in
the year. Got it.
And he that was one thing he had to go
back and fix. There wasn't oriented in.
Yeah. And then um.
Also if it's an open job with prior cost,
so although not common,
we have jobs that have prior year and
then it kind of goes on a pause for a bit
like I've seen it in APC where it stops.
So we want to make sure even though it
doesn't have for example 2026 cost yet it
had 2025 year cost and it's open.
We want to make sure it stays on.
The schedule too. OK, OK. Like,
so I'm not sure if it's it's easier to
have Claude try to digest what Michael
did 'cause he had it, had it.
We it took a few iterations,
but it was working. So so here,
here's here's what I'm gonna say again
about Michael's and it's we we don't know
how he was loading.
That data,
we won't be able to actually find that
method because there's a lot of hoodoo,
hoodoo to that.
You're saying he was extracting the cost
from Vista at that point and whenever we
kind of load it,
kind of loading it into into this
completely separate.
Database right where he could manipulate
the values and maybe that's what we might
actually have to do,
but I don't wanna take it from Vista and
put it into a second database.
I'd rather take it from the tables in
Vista, load it into UD tables in Vista.
Mm-hmm.
And that way we can manipulate the values
there. Mm-hmm.
And to match what we're trying to
calculate. Yeah, yeah,
I think that would be better. Um,
because putting this second and then even
a third database for.
What the PNP will hold?
Gets very, gets very pushy, very,
very quickly and it gets really hard to
maintain it. So OK,
so I will take that as an item.
And then?
So I'm sure not even like the open wasn't
timing. Yeah,
maybe it's the same if it got closed.
It's moving into closed jobs,
but we weren't closing any jobs in
January, February.
So here in December, right? Yes, ma'am.
So off of what Claude gave me to give you
guys too.
So here's what's missing and why, right?
Every month,
whenever you submit those Excel files to
two Excel files to Michael,
revenue and cost overrides,
he loaded those into his private database.
We haven't built that path yet.
That's the next Sprint.
So that's that's the next thing. Mm-hmm.
We're trying to do it in Vista instead.
Yes. OK, got it. And then so right now,
but it won't hit the Vista tables live,
right?
So no write backs right away or anything
like that. Mm-hmm.
Do you want to go to current year?
I have 1286, but I don't have that one.
Oh, it's combining them.
Nope. No, it's not though,
'cause that would make it 1/3 something,
1302 and this is showing 1286 for current
year, 23558.
I'm wondering looking at the the posted
date maybe instead of the batch month and
that that could be it too maybe.
So I'll go back on current year cost and
again get it to look at batch month
versus posted date.
Yeah, but they didn't. I don't know.
Yeah.
So um,
one impact that that it did find is that
the the override files for December 2025
Mm-hmm. Had about 2.
25 billion in GAAP revenue projections
across all companies. Did that.
That sounded. Yeah,
that that that sounded.
Wrong to me.
So just because I've I've worked here for
a long time now and I've I've never,
I've never heard about.
I wonder if that's job to date for all
jobs in history. That would make sense.
Not just the year that that would have
been that could have been all of.
So where it calculated that was inside of
your data, inside of your Excel fonts,
the ones that you provided. Hmm oh.
So was it accumulating every file that
was sent,
you know like and that's replicating the
data over and over every quarter
potentially and then something and and
not separating it.
I'm not thinking that's where I'm that's
where I'm kind of was thinking like if it
if it cause then if you take four
quarters.
When you go right now,
you get pretty close to that on those on
that data set instead of thinking, oh,
June replaces March. Mm-hmm. It's good.
Yeah. And so, OK,
so when you guys submit those files,
is there any chance that he owns?
Are already entering those projections in
PNP and the answer to that is yes, right?
Because that's what you guys just told me.
The the PNP is actually where we want
those projections to come from now,
but it wouldn't necessarily tie job by
job, right? The goal is for the PNP to be.
In line with this,
but there's still overrides that are
being done at the president or DM level,
but it's rein the projection,
the current projection from PNP.
But what we provided Michael is what the
final number was,
which wouldn't be in alignment with PNP.
That's coming right off of what we call
the division jobs. So then DJs. Yeah,
I think that's why that's part of why it
told me not to use the PNP data because
because it's like you're gonna end up
with this scenario where you're trying to
tie out PNP data.
To accounting data and that they it said
it said those will historically always be
on historically.
But the intent is moving forward it
grabbing it from PMP and eventually the
DJs is going away. It would go away. OK,
yeah 'cause this is kind of like the
starting point for transparency 'cause no
one.
And seen it in this form where it's
taking what the PMP said versus what the
final job summary is saying and seeing
those variances.
No one sees that easily like they will
with this.
And then then it becomes a culture thing,
right? Yeah.
Why is there such a big swing?
Should the PMS be going back and updating
PMP?
To make it match.
Got it.
That part of it's outside of our control.
Got it.
But it it's more of a reporting and
transparency tool. OK,
then it gives them a starting point.
Do the base numbers on like current
contract amount,
do those look like they're tying out
correctly?
Things like current contraction amount,
you have to look at Vista,
what Vista's contract amounts were at
December. Mm-hmm.
OK.
They're close to what we're reporting
here,
but it looks like it is getting the
change orders, which at your end,
especially it should be.
It should be close. Yeah,
that one's right. It's 5304500.
These bottom ones are tying up 602975810
thousand 848-599-1757, 1199 even. Yep,
104 for 46. Yep, 13363835 close,
but not or 13360.
66 Oh, and that's in there.
511154 I suppose it's only a couple
thousand, huh? Yeah,
that doesn't stick out to me job that we
made a consideration on.
6282519 then 9744910 and 6582 hundred
698234 Yep,
there's got to be a couple more because
we're 3 million off 14969566. Yep.
Actually we're missing those last couple
jobs after the 5304, I don't have those.
So those are they probably don't have
year to date cost, right.
If it's and that's kind of, yeah,
where it's bringing in the the null
values,
that's what I would kind of expect if
they have no cost, yeah, 1312,
but Rich wanted those to.
So that would be right 312 and 51 and
26483.
And then 94196 of that was his first
couple. Yeah.
And those are probably going to be a
little funny because they had costs that
ended up moving right between jobs or
there's a change order 94196. Yeah,
there's there's 3 million missing on that
one.
Then it'll be here on that.
So it's a it's change orders that they
included that it's probably not in Vista.
Do you want to look and see? Well,
you wouldn't see it. Yeah,
if it's fully from Vista.
And are you comparing it to the gap or
the bonus? Bonus. OK, that makes sense.
That makes sense. OK, bonus, right? Yeah.
It's pulling in current.
91109 is the current contract. I know,
but are there any change orders out there
that will are out there?
Maybe I wouldn't know how to find those.
I'll be honest with.
I don't know how to find PC OS.
If you go to the contracts and then isn't
you know how you go to the lines and
can't you see them out there?
But that's at their interface.
These are executed if you no,
there's a pending one down there,
but it wouldn't have a value to it
because then the value would be included
here.
Can you go to PM um PM change orders?
Don't tell me you don't have access.
I know you do.
Is that how to navigate in this? Yeah,
I know. I think I get that.
If it makes you pending change orders
though,
isn't there a pending change order order?
There's pending on this. That's why. OK.
Oh, OK.
And then there's some that have hit or or
are entered already for this year,
328 and then a minus 30.
So those we might have counted. See those.
What is that one? Oh,
that says 11525 though. Yeah, yeah,
we're missing 3 million.
This was a confirmation job, wasn't it?
Yeah, but yeah, we do TNM for the JV S,
so it was the bill today. Yeah,
it's different. Oh,
this one's a joint venture.
OK.
Hmm.
How much is in?
1109 shouldn't mean anything 'cause
that's just for the the credit.
I meant on the spreadsheet,
but there wasn't anything, right? Yeah,
there wasn't. No. Yep. Hmm.
OK, so you're off by 3 million.
Is it on just the 511108 John?
It was the one that was off slightly,
but and then the new jobs cause Cindy,
you're right,
Rich wanted all open jobs listed, but.
We wanted a filter for based on their
start date, right? Because if not,
every time you run a historical web,
you're gonna get more and more jobs on it.
Mm-hmm.
Like if we were to run one for 2013,
it would show all this.
Not that we point their talents,
they weren't Vista,
but it would show 2026 jobs on it.
OK.
Does that make sense?
It's it's so bringing in all open jobs
regardless of cost.
But we want to make sure we're excluding
any jobs that were set up like after the
date that we're running it for, right?
Like how this is including 2026 jobs.
Even though we're running it for December
of 2025,
you know what I'm wondering is I'm even
though, yeah,
I think I see what's happening there.
So we can, I know how to fix it.
I think I may, I didn't ask.
I think there's a start date or or maybe
like the date that the job is set up in
Vista.
That way,
except not the backlog's gonna constantly
be changing and if you run a whip from
six months ago,
it's gonna have the backlog number's
gonna be different than when we closed
the month.
So the engineer's contract amount is 94
million and the notes says amendment 25
and 26 have been added to VP.
Final amendment reflecting JS amount will
be finalized in 26.
So on the confirmation review we we went
with their number the 94 million not the
91. Are you showing 91109? Yeah that is,
yeah that is what came out of Vista.
And then so for bonus we let them claim
an additional cause then for gap we went
with the build amount since it's Tina.
So just just for your, for your knowledge,
what we have to do at year end. Mm-hmm.
We this is only if we do this for most of
the jobs,
but really these highlighted ones are
jobs that the auditor pulled for
confirmation.
So we're really careful what we do
because.
This is a letter that gets sent to the
owner and they're confirming our contract
amount. So we pull out what Vista says,
which is what you have.
And then the engineer, we pull this out,
what the engineer says off of the DJs and
then we come up with a variance and then
we send this to risk.
And then risk will go back and forth with
the PM or the division, you know, Tony,
Tony or Grant or whoever.
And then they determine and they let us
know this is what we're going to use and
the reason why. And so we we do,
you can see we do this for.
We look at all the jobs.
It's a fun process. Yeah.
So this is what I pulled up when I saw
that and I saw the 94 million. I'm like,
what was the difference?
We had to have a story. Mm-hmm.
So our story was,
but I'm not seeing the 3 million on when
you go back to the pending change orders.
I'm not seeing the three million, right?
25 and 26. What were you showing Nicole?
Wasn't that high number was only added to
Vista.
So what is the only things after 113 and
it's only 320 minus? It's like 300.
Can you see if there's another program
that's called like pending or is there
remember there's the IC OS?
What? Oh,
there's a couple different programs,
but pending P oh, that's PO change. Yeah,
pending change orders.
That's what I was thinking.
Oh yeah, look at the numbers.
So if you find 25 and 26,
so this is where,
this is where we're way faster than I
thought it was.
No, no. See, they're missing.
Hey.
2526 I mean, this is it,
but it's impending. So no, no,
this is this is helpful. Mm-hmm.
And can I get this?
Can it 'cause it could,
but I don't know if it's gonna help you.
It yeah, it it will help you in BJS. Yeah,
if I could get that too. Mm-hmm. Yeah,
can I get that and and you know,
all the schedules and stuff.
But this is once a year, right?
So this is a snapshot at 1231. OK Mm-hmm.
That's the month where we're really fine
tuning those numbers.
The other schedule is this one.
So this is like the end of the year,
right. This is our WIP schedule.
You know we have bonus and we have gap of
course you know there's we have different,
we have, we have it,
we have to report and we have what we let.
Then report for bonus purposes.
And so actually, I bet you it's,
I bet for Gap we went with the 91.
Let's look. Oh,
we went with whatever was not today. Oh,
built. That's right. Yeah. Oh,
it did go with 94 for Gap, 94045,
that's why we built it.
Whatever it was, whatever it was built,
even though they didn't have an executed
change order for it because this is a
sticky job with the owner.
So we know that they're I I know Stockton
is is our that's one of our proper ones.
Yeah, so.
I mean, it's only 100,
000 off compared to what we had filled.
So, so OK, this is,
this is our web schedule that this is
what we're trying to automate this here.
But there's also a DJS that we're trying
to incorporate the division drop summary,
which does the DJS and then we take that
data and update this.
Come on, let's keep going when we go to.
Actually, you know what? Oh, oh, oh, oh,
sorry. I always do that.
I always want to go to the financial
statement,
not the job summary folder every time.
It's annoying.
I'm not going to change it because I'm
the only one that feels that we're
probably. Can you see change? No year.
We're in a new year, new job summary.
So we're going to automate it and it's
not going to exist anymore.
This is a shared file between Tony Grant.
Brian, you know, all of us,
we share this file.
So this is what we call the division job
summary, DJS,
if you hear people talking about it.
So we'll have the contract.
This is what they're claiming.
Here's the cost comes right out of Vista.
This is what Brian is updating manually
right now, so.
He he starts this.
He updates the cost through whenever it
is 120.
Let's just say can you pull up the whip
real fast? Um, and uh, sorry, the oh,
the auto web. Yeah, sorry,
the auto web and so.
Yeah.
Crazy. Is he adding two,
two or more jobs together to get that to
get this cost data? OK, so the I know yes,
it's listed separately.
We call them the dual jobs, the JV jobs,
and then once we put it into our whip,
we combine them because really it's one
job.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
But they have two jobs for the
supervision charge out.
Since the owner has access to the main
job, a handful that are like that,
but and going forward they they're
eliminating them based on custom rate.
Pull up job today I think is column X.
Yeah, Mm-hmm. 93 to 67 and 93 to 68. Yeah,
I will say everybody and so.
Where would the other job be?
It's not the the 109, the 1109,
the one right underneath it,
the 346293267. Yeah, what?
So that one's off just a tiny bit.
That's why I was like, well,
where did we get the?
The the 1K, right? Mm-hmm.
Maybe it's looking at. It's 100.
It's like it's like 2200, yeah.
That we look at maybe the posted date
instead of the batch month cause the
batch month is what like all of our
overhead. No,
but even that's based on batch month you
know in OK something get posted back.
Well that's well and that's kind of what
I'm what I'm wondering because if we're.
If we're getting,
if we're getting the data.
Line from Viewpoint then it would pull
anything that was back posted. Mm-hmm.
After the fact, right?
So I understand your need now for the
snapshot. Mm-hmm.
Because you need to freeze it,
otherwise you're gonna end up with and uh,
look at the other time check, the 109,
so discitize.
You should just pulled it up to this one.
Yeah,
but the report is actually the one that
Brian uses and and all the controllers
use when they're preparing their.
Job summaries and they block it off by
the end month and that's the batch month.
Got you.
So this is what ties to our GL and
everything.
Uh, and I bet you're fine. Yeah,
it would be. No, I I see.
I already know where the problem is.
I'm gonna know. OK.
No, that makes perfect sense. Yeah,
so you don't like like a couple bucks.
Take a note to look at job Billings to
tie that out because the billing amount
is not being referenced accurately.
That's that's what that's what we need.
Keep building on that.
That's state building.
I could tell you right off the cuff 11
something's wrong in 1108 right there 11,
000, no 9.
94 Well now now do me a favor,
rerun the job cost report,
but put today's month as the ending month
and help me help me see if that's holding,
holding more cost.
And build my guess,
then it should be because I think that's
what's happening.
OK.
That looks it changed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
OK, so.
We solved the problem and we've solved a
few actually. So and this is like I said,
these these things help me so.
And it's easy when you have the people
who know the numbers, right?
And then we can devote more time, Joshua,
because I mean, this is our,
this is my top priority is to get this
delivered for you.
And for Jody and for Will,
we could give them reporting.
And so everybody trust me, you know, I've,
I've,
it has been impressed upon me how
important that this project is.
And that's why,
that's why I am devoting all of my time.
So, alright,
so I've got great notes on what to,
what to go back and incorporate.
And So what we'll do is,
is I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna run
the JC cost of revenue report.
I'm gonna get it by the batch month to
make sure that our billing slide out,
right.
I'm also going to take that data and
snapshot it into our UD tables and that
way whenever we start going through this
process,
we're we're hitting a frozen time on data
and we don't go back and potentially
catch things that are like post data.
It or anything like that. Mm-hmm.
On cost going into the system,
'cause that's gonna obviously push
numbers up, down one way or the other.
Mm-hmm.
And then we'll make sure that we're not
just getting up to today that we are
actually tying it to that batch month,
but also.
On the flip side of that,
'cause I think I know that that's,
I'm pretty certain that's what's breaking
another one of these queries 'cause
there's like, I don't know,
45 different queries in this to get data.
And so I'm sure that on some of them it's
applying.
All the way up to today, right?
Just go all the way up to today and then
on some of it is trying to apply a batch
month and then on some of it it still
needs to actually go through the whole
month and get the the 1231.
The ending up a month data it sometimes
if we if we're not using the same query
as the report, right?
Save it as a custom query,
which there's like 45 custom queries,
none of them are the ones from the report,
so.
So I can take the query from the report
and feed that right into Claude saying
this is the the logic that we need, right?
Same logic that we're getting out of this
crystal report.
We wanna put this into the web to help us
calculate that and then we'll deal with.
Help me put that in that way,
but it doesn't break the workbook too
badly, too badly.
So the workbook is tough to to manipulate.
It would be a lot easier if we did this
as like a brand new web app,
but I know that that's not something that
people wanna do so.
Did you know that it are we referring to
Rich? Hmm, are we referring to Rich?
I'm I'm not sure somebody Kevin told me
that we can't do it as a web app, so.
OK, probably. Yeah,
I know that that they said it was so
close, but it was never. Yeah, yeah, well,
but it it was close. It really was close.
But it but it wasn't like you said,
the data wasn't in business.
It's it's close.
It's close if we knew how the.
The data was being loaded.
Then we could run. Yeah.
And that's where the challenge is,
because I I can't tell you how he was
letting it. Yeah,
it's it's a black box and it's a mystery.
So, and even Claude is like,
how is this working before?
It asked me that.
That was a question it asked me.
It said Nicole said that this was working
in your last meeting and that it was
really close.
Can you ask her to elaborate on?
How this was working before. And I'm like,
I don't think Nicole would know how to
tell us that, buddy.
And it's and we're all trying to figure
it out. Yes. Yeah,
the how he was doing it. I mean, I no,
we were both a little surprised when you
told us that there was a whip.
Database. Yes. So yeah, yeah,
it's like that was his way of quickly
doing it,
even though the intentional the whole
time that all that data was getting
stored in the JC tables for GAP and the
union tables for bonus. Mm-hmm.
It's like he was quickly doing it this
third way. Mm-hmm. Doesn't help.
Now that you guys, yeah,
I came over trying to understand it,
right? Well,
and that's that's why whenever I was
looking at it, I was going, what is this?
Why is it going to this database?
And what even is this database, right?
Because I'm like this,
this isn't something we set up. So yeah.
What do we do with this, right? All right,
So what I'll do is we'll build in the
projection overload path as well.
So and I'll go ahead and get your data
loaded for that historically.
I'm not gonna use the same tables and
forms that he had already kinda set up
before in UD.
I'll set up new ones so that I don't step
on anything,
any work that he's done previously.
That way if you guys determine and you
know.
A month or so or that that this isn't
working and you wanna go back to using
Michael,
he can pick up right where he left off,
right?
That's my my goal is to not touch
anything that he's done so that you know,
if that's the path that you guys wanna go
on this, you have that option, right?
Um, but um.
Let's see.
So I guess after that I also need to
clean up the jobs list and make sure that
we're only pulling in the jobs for the
batch year and jobs I have that are open
within the current year as well.
I've been in that have cost that have and
or billing. Console or billing. Yes. OK,
all right. Anything.
Are you gonna load the gap data into the
can JC tables too?
Or are you just gonna do bonus in the UD
at this time?
I think I'm gonna do gap into a.
Into a gap UD table for now and bonus
into a bonus UD table.
OK and that way because what what we need
to do is we need to hit a point where we
where we freeze the data,
the snapshot right?
Because otherwise you guys will keep
opening this.
And the numbers will probably keep
changing due to postings and things,
transactions that are occurring.
Other way,
I think that's the only way to lock it
down. And then once we do that,
we'll map that in.
On your overrides and then you'll have
your override history based off of the
data that you provided.
I know Rich wanted gap in in the JC
tables to utilize Vista's scanned
reporting, but let's be real.
All of our reporting's custom anyways.
And we can,
we can to build out the reports from
scratch. But like I said,
why would be lots that we can't vista
ones or what we need? Well,
once we once we once we get to a point
where the data starts tying out a little
bit better off of those two UD tables,
then I'll look at taking the.
App data and putting that into the Vista
uh JC override and then JC.
Uh,
there's another one that's overrides and
then revenue projection. Thank you. Uh,
revenue override.
I think it's the same program and then
two different tabs. One is revenue though,
right? Yeah, yeah, that's yeah,
it's a different tab,
but then the same program too.
Oh, no, there's two different programs,
revenue projections and override
projections. But it's here, I think,
where where you're doing all of the
overrides.
That's where all of the overrides go.
And then it feeds into here. Uh, yes,
or vice versa.
Does it go here and then override into?
And then go into the JC.
I will grab a Vista map and see.
I'll test that out and see.
We'll see where where once it loads and
how does that flow.
So this was talked about,
but we never got it to that point where
we were because we did try a couple jobs
where we put.
In some data into Michael's WIP and then
we checked this and it and it updated.
Mm-hmm. Like it wasn't a a lot.
It was very light on the testing. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah, it's it's not. Yeah,
it's not a lot of jobs and data in those
tables.
I know that whenever I looked at the
override table, it had like 2300.
Rows in it and I would expect it to have
one if you open up just like the revenue
or the cost projection program.
Do a patch.
I've never done this.
This is what like the guys do in PNP,
right? That's what I was thinking.
Instead of doing this in a batch,
they do it in PNP and it creates these
batches. Yeah.
So that's what I was thinking.
This is what they do.
And then the once a month would be the
override. Mm-hmm.
Or it doesn't have to be once a month.
It could be multiple times a month,
the overriding.
Sure.
Yeah, so it's like that's the start.
Mm-hmm.
And then this is over and above all.
These are over and above and everything
else, right?
I just wanna make sure the overrides
don't, um, don't push that. Yeah,
because I I guess I'm.
I'm thinking of those as as being two
different values, right? Mm-hmm.
And so usually whenever I hear an
override.
Historically in like, um,
work or e-business suite, whatever,
I took care of that. OK,
got a long time ago for Gillian.
Their overrides would actually apply back
to original cause.
We're back to original revenue
projections.
So that's that's what we had to check to.
It would really override it exactly. Well,
and that was the whole point of it.
It was supposed to be a program for the
Um, the CFO.
And her team to be able to go back and
make manual overrides to specific
pharmaceutical trials and things like
that.
So it's like this has the original
estimates still.
I'm not sure what the difference is
between this number and that number
though. I'm gonna be honest with you.
They both say the current, current. Yeah,
that's the original, that's the current.
And then that's the current detailed
projection.
It's a difference of about 2 million of
what between the estimated cost and and
the projection is 1 revenue.
Is that the revenue right there, the 93?
But it's close to revenue.
That's what I'm thinking. Is it showing?
But it's bringing in Co unless it's
estimated cost from the Co.
Look if I got a revenue for that same job.
And search only radios on pictures.
That doesn't even refer from the 93 at
all.
And that's because I think all of the
projections go into AUD table.
Now if there are the projections from
P&P million dollar loss.
Then right,
if the projected costs are 93 and the
projected revenues 91,
then why wouldn't the current estimated
cost match the current detail projected
cost, assuming that's what this is?
So that's actually what's been approved
and posted possibly.
And this is these are just based on their
quantity claiming. I don't know,
I'm guessing.
I will look in the map and see how it
maps out.
I just understand that that's what I'm
saying is what we're going to be using.
Yeah, exactly.
I I I just want to know how it works
myself on the 93.
Well, I find.
Oh, sorry.
Ready. Oh, I love when it does that.
It's a really good product, guys.
We only have to use it for the next 10
years. OK, let me try it on this one.
We will give me one on this one.
Did you hear that? Well,
you're gonna have to go through another
conversion. Well, actually,
you didn't go through the first one. Yeah.
So I went through a sliver of it with no,
it wasn't a conversion,
but with not some setup, but yeah.
Axel's going to do it with Joshua.
It's going to be a lot easier.
Josh will be retired by now.
That's not possible. 10 years.
I don't think so, Joshua.
Yeah, probably not.
I'll probably work until I'm 80.
When I hear they they're they're actually
thinking that people like like our
generation are gonna live up to about 140
a 150 years old.
Due to advancements in healthcare in the
next 10 years. So they're expecting us to,
they're getting ready to,
to expect us to work for a very long time,
but no Social Security. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah,
that'll be, that'll be gone. So.
I I just hope that they give us a
distribution of what's left of it.
You know, Adver is contributing 6.
2% for all these years.
Yeah.
OK,
I think I've got plenty to work on and
then I will upload a copy and send you
guys an e-mail once I've got a new
version for you to try out and I'll try
to put this, you know,
I'm trying to get the instructions a
little bit better on.
How to how to get this thing downloaded
and loaded locally 'cause I know that you
guys will have somebody else eventually.
Like last meeting you mentioned Javier
was helping on this quite a bit,
so I'll need to get that program
installed that we had to install for
YouTube to open it.
So that she'll be uploaded on it too.
Probably Brian too. Mm-hmm. Yeah. OK,
Brian, got you. Mm-hmm. OK, that's it.
I think that's all I got for you on this
one. And so I've got my marching orders.
Um, next meetings.
When are you guys available next?
Do you, do you wanna, um, I'd like to.
I was gonna say, I mean it whenever,
like if you get it ready and you're ready
to look at it, you know, I'm in a meeting,
Nicole can come. I mean,
we're we're making this our priority as
well. So, OK, I will, I will.
So you're ready as soon as it's ready now.
OK. All right.
Another look and then appreciate your
patience while we work out the bugs.
Obviously it's like I said,
it's hard to to take what was in somebody
else's head and then try to make that a
reality sometimes. Yeah,
I and I I'm sure you guys understand that,
right? You know, hey, why is my job off 3?
$1,000,000 Well,
that's not the reality we live in.
That's one of the reason why we can tame
it to this office right here and we don't
have the job 3 million off before we send
it out to Grant Tony. I like it.
I like it. Let's do that.
And then we're good. We're we're golden.